#summary These are some basic text based Install Instructions for the Par Plugin Pack
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy,Phase-Requirements

== Instructions for Windows ==

To get PAR working with your viewer, watch the tutorial [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBNUogQLH0U&feature=channel_page here].

 #  Go to the main web site at http://code.google.com/p/par/ (You're already here, lol)
 #  Click the "Download" tab at the top.
 #  Download the file "PAR - Plugins For SL v##.zip"
 #  Unzip the contents somewhere.   You should have two folders, "Plugins", "Shadow Files" and a .bat file
 #  Double click to run the batch file.  (if  you get an error here, you need to install [http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=10cc340b-f857-4a14-83f5-25634c3bf043&displaylang=en Microsoft .NET Framework])
 # A window pops up. Click on the top left "add plugins" button.
 #  Navigate to the folder you extracted named "plugins" and select  everything inside (click drag), then press open.
 #  Press the "start" button .   A few windows (dont close them) should come up.  If you get an error here, please double check you added ONLY the files in the "plugins" folder.
 # Make a copy of your shortcut to second life, and rename it to "Par - Second life"
 #  Right click on this shortcut, select "properties",
 # In the window that pops up, edit the "target" field only.  Use your arrow keys to (press right arrow) move to the very end of the text
 #  Copy the next line, and paste it in there at the very end. <code>-loginuri http://localhost:8080/ </code>
 # Press "OK" then double click your new shortcut, you done!
 
 To run par after the installation, simple double click the batch file, press start, and double click the shortcut

== Linux Installation Instructions ==

 # Download one of the binary ZIPs and extract it to a directory somewhere.
  * You can also check out the nexis branch on SVN if you wish to try pubcomb's GTK flavor.  <s>Note: PAR-GTK is, at the time of writing, horribly screwed up.</s>
 # Save the PAR Linux Loader bash script as "linuxloader" in the root of your PAR folder and execute the following in terminal to make it executable: <code>chmod +x ./linuxloader</code>
 # Execute linuxloader either by doubleclicking it in your window manager and selecting "Run in Terminal" or by executing  through the terminal itself.
 # Open your SL install directory in terminal and execute: <code>./secondlife --loginuri http://localhost:8080/</code>